docs: add `Services`, `Cron Jobs`, and `Daemons` docs, fix outdated steps on few articles (#1005)
devopness/devopness: docs/services/link-server-to-service.md

---
title: Link a server to a server

> intro: Link a server to a server to select which servers a service can be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: Link a service to a server to ensure the service is installed and configured in that server when a service is deployed.
```
